# Group Meet Planner API

Are you tired of the never-ending back-and-forth of scheduling group meetings? "I can only do Tuesdays at 2pm", "Sorry, I have a dentist appointment then", "What about Wednesdays at 10am?" Sound familiar? Well, say goodbye to the headache and hello to the Group Meet Planner API.

With this API, you can create a group and invite your colleagues, friends or even your book club members, and let our application take care of finding the perfect time for your next meeting. No more excuses like "I have to feed my pet rock" or "I have a prior commitment to nap" - our API will find a time that works for everyone.

## Getting Started
Now that you're excited to start using our API, let's jump in and get started!
## Creating a Group

To create a new group, make a `POST` request to the `/groups` endpoint with the group name and a list of users to be added as members.

## Adding Timeslots

Once a group is created, members of the group can add timeslots to the group by making a `POST` request to the `/groups/:id/timeslots` endpoint with the desired start and end times for the meeting.

## Generating a Common Time Slot

Once all members of a group have added their available timeslots, a common time slot can be generated by making a `GET` request to the `/groups/:id/timeslots/generate` endpoint.

## Endpoints

- `POST /groups`: Create a new group
- `POST /groups/:id/timeslots`: Add a timeslot to a group
- `GET /groups/:id/timeslots/generate`: Generate a common time slot for a group

## Error Handling

In case of errors, the API will return a JSON object with an `error` field containing a description of the error.

## Note

- Please make sure to check for the error handling and also the endpoints are implemented by you.
